README.md, before:

# Matthew Yang's Portfolio

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

Commit message:

Description completed in readme file

README.md, after:

# Matthew Yang's Portfolio

## Description

In this project you will find my professional portfolio. As a full stack developer I enjoy all aspects of technology and continuously learning. My portfolio displays my talents, skills and several projects I have developed. For this portfolio, I learned and used sematic HTML, CSS and Javascript. 

My CSS file contains: 
* Media queries to compensate for mobile and desktop applications      
* Pseudo Classes for added visual effect
## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).
